# EntityModelCodeGenerator
Code generation for Entity Model [archival]

This is an old project of mine, that I created back in 2008.<br/>
Imported into GitHub for archival puposes only.<br/>
There will be no updates.

<h2>Introduction</h2><p>For most part of the last year (2008) I've been&nbsp;developing&nbsp;code using the <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/aa697427(VS.80).aspx">ADO.NET Entity Framework</a>, which sure is a very nice way to approach data driven applications.</p><p>However, as good as the Entity Framework is, it's far from perfect, specially when you start dealing with Web Services too.</p><p>For instance, when you create a web method that returns an instance of an entity, the XML generate is too complex, creating a lot of intermediate classes that has no purpose, or function. Those classes are created only because of the entity class inheritance hierarchy.</p><p>Taking the <a href="http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/sampleedmxcodegen">SampleEdmxCodeGenerator</a> as the start point, I developed a code generator that create simple classes for each entity and the the appropriated converters.</p><p>For the code generation, it uses the <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.data.entity.design.entityclassgenerator.aspx">EntityClassGenerator</a> that handles all the entity classes creation, and uses the <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/y2k85ax6.aspx">CodeDom</a> to create the simple classes and the converters.</p><p>The namespace for the entities are specified by the <code>Custom Tool Namespace</code> property of the file. If not informed it uses the <code>RootNamespace</code> for VB projects and the Entity namespace for C# projects.</p><p>The simple classes are created on a sub-namespace <code>SimpleClasses</code>, and the converters in a sub-namespace <code>Converters</code>.</p>

